https://apps.apple.com/us/app/credit-karma/id519817714
MAS-P-0051: When i am interested in seeing the health of my credit score i use credit karma and how i use it is by opening the app and clicking on the credit button on the bottom of the screen which gives me a snapshot of my credit score at the moment. I want to stay on top of my credit score and history in order to make sure i have no debt and am able to keep my credit at a good rating. I use the credit health section to see my payment history which i scroll down and am given a view of my past months payment history and or due balances, i also click the graph provided to see the consistency of my credit score either rising or staying the same. The screen and app itself uses my name, age, and financial history in order to accumulate data to provide me of my credit score and any errors that my bank or credit issuers may have.

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/life360-find-family-friends/id384830320
MAS-P-0052: In order to provide digital safety service, Life 360 shares specific information about your profile, including email, address, and name with third parties that help with identity protection service. When joining a paid subscription, your automatically enrolled in the digital safety service. Data breach alerts allow you to find out if your email or passwords are being used on the dark web. With ID theft protection, you can get help anytime if your data is stolen and used and up to $1 million to cover this. Opting out of digital safety is easy. If feature is turned off, you will lose ability to use identity protection, restoration and credit monitoring, and data breach notifications. To use this feature, you can log into your account on the app. You must sign up or create a Life 360 account. There are sections at the bottom of the app screen for location, driving, safety, and membership options. On the home screen, tap on the safety section at the bottom. Toggle the free data breach alerts option to view information aout online activity or disable the feature.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fantasypros.myplaybook
MAS-P-0053: When I go to this part of the app I am comparing my fantasy team with my opponent's fantasy team for that week. This page will show our players side by side. I can see how our players are ranked. I can also see what their projected points for that week are. For example, I see that this week my quarterback Joe Burrow is ranked 4 and my opponent's quarterback Lamar Jackson is ranked 6. I also see that my quarterback "should" outscore my opponent's quarterback by 1.2 points. I can also click on each player listed and get a more in depth analysis of the player as well as their matchup and whether it is favorable or not. Since  my goal is to win this particular week, I can also see where my opponent is weak and try and figure out what moves they might try and make on the waiver wire. If I want to I can try and block those by picking up those players myself. So this page is quite helpful.

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/chime-mobile-banking/id836215269
MAS-P-0054: The goals I want to achieve through this screen are obtaining all relevant agreements pertaining to my bank accounts, reading through the app's privacy policy, and learning the terms and conditions of certain account and app features. On this screen, I can interact with the policies and terms by clicking on each of them individually, which brings me to a more detailed screen with further information regarding each policy, terms, conditions, and account agreements. The information that is used by the app to support this screen are basically the types of accounts that I have under my name with Chime Bank, the types of features available to me, and overall, this page uses my financial information to present each category that could possibly be relevant to me. Basically, this page provides me with information about what I have agreed to by signing up for the types of accounts I have and features that I use.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.myfitnesspal.android
MAS-P-0055: I am trying to sign up for this calorie counting app.  I am in the registration process and it is asking me for my personal information.  I would want to maintain my current healthy weight and track my calories through out the day.  I do not want to lose or gain weight through the use of this app.  My interactions with this app would be to monitor it as I go through out the day and track how many calories I am consuming each day.  The app is asking for my age, it also asks for my country of residence.  I am nut sure why it is asking for that and my zipcode as well.  I feel somewhat uncomfortable providing my zip code because I don't know why the app needs that or what it will do with that information.  I might use this app or might not. 

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.spotify.music
MAS-P-0056: This is my settings screen, so I use it to modify downloads and I can change sound quality for the audio tracks. I can also modify how much storage the app uses on my phone, which is helpful. I can monitor certain account information such as my e-mail and my name, but I can't do much through the app as it pertains to account information. I can view what current plan that I am using on the service as a way to verify that I am actually on the plan that I want to use, but it can't be changed from this screen or in the app itself. I mostly just use this screen to modify my listening experience and improve it whenever I want. If I had privacy concerns, I could switch to offline only mode so the app isn't connected to the internet. Overall, I think the app only collects information that is crucial to the function of the app.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.MEye&hl=en_GB&gl=US&pli=1
MAS-P-0057: Using the app is incredibly simple.  Since it recalls the last used settings, you simply open it and it displays what you were previously looking at.  This is really convenient as it requires little interaction.  You can, though, go into the sub-menu and change your display settings.  Since this is configured for an eight camera system, you can select which channels you wish to view.  It defaults to display four, and will always recall the previous four you selected to display. It also has  an option to review the records, which requires quite a bit more interaction and because of that, is rarely used in the mobile app.  This is basically just for quick viewing and works really well.  It makes it easy to keep an eye on whatever you want to monitor.  This is why we strongly recommend this to anyone that is looking for this kind of a setup.

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/fitbit-health-fitness/id462638897
MAS-P-0058: I use this screen every day to monitor how hard I work.  Some days I work harder than others and I use this page to keep myself very motivated.  I compare the information from previous sessions to see if I am on target or if I need to work longer and harder.  I also use this information to make sure I am getting my heart rate up as high as I can.  Some days are better than others.  All in all I find this app to be very helpful in my health journey.  I also use the sleep section of this app and I also monitor my resting heart rate.  I try to get good sleep and keep my resting heart rate down.  The more I exercise the lower I can keep my heart rate.  I compare the information from previous days to see my progress.

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/apple-health/id1242545199
MAS-P-0059: I use the Health App All Health Data screen in order to get an overview of my physical efforts for the day, week, or month. I use this to help supplement and be on track with my fitness goals which include walking a certain amount of steps in a day and the amount of calories i am burning while making sure my heart rate is optimal. I go on the Health App and then i click the summary page thereafter i click on Show All Health Data to reach this screen. I am usually clicking through ll the subcategories like Heart Rate and Steps to view my data. The screen uses my health data that is provided by the smart watch i wear throughout the day and also the built in counter of my smartphone to account for my physical movements in that day. The data collected from these devices are compiled in numbers wehich are shown on this screen.

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/fanduel-sportsbook-casino/id1413721906
MAS-P-0060: I like to use this screen to gauge how much I am betting and what my previous history of betting looked like! It is very informative because it shows your mistakes and errors from the past, so you try to learn from your mistakes! It also will show you your winners so you know what studied plays were good and how you can pursue winning again in the future! I want to achieve the ability to learn from my mistakes from this image/ page that I have submitted! The way I use this screen, is that I navigate through my bet history and learn the ins and outs of my mistakes and winners. I think Fanduel can use this page on everyone's user data and see which sports are being bet the most, this will show them what markets they should open/supply to the public so we can prosper in the long run?

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/usaa-mobile/id312325565
MAS-P-0061: This screen is used to store my demographic information.  I don't typically use this screen much, except to update the information when it is out of date.  This screen includes all my relevant identifying information like my name, gender, social security number, marital status, and date of birth along with other information.  While this screen isn't specifically used in my goals, it offers me security to pursue other financial goals within the app.  It is basically my 'thumbprint' for my bank.  Without this information, a person would be unable to access my account where I keep the majority of my money.  I use the app, and therefore this screen, every single day.  This is my primary bank account that I use to pay bills and for daily purchases.  It is through this app that I am also able to invest money and move money around between my checking and savings account.  I even have a retirement account here.  All of my financial goals, such as saving for a rainy day and retirement, go through this app.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.overdrive.mobile.android.libby
MAS-P-0062: On this screen I can see the books that I've borrowed from the library. I can see how much longer I have the books for. I can click on "holds" at the top middle of the screen and see what books I have on hold and if any are ready to be borrowed yet. I can renew books I've already borrowed. When I scroll down the screen, I can see the history of my past borrowed books, all the way to the beginning of my library membership. I can click the magnifying glass icon at the bottom left of the scree to search for new books. I can click on the building icon next to the magnifying glass to go to the home screen for my particular library branch. If I click the middle icon on the screen, I can go to my settings, where I can add library cards or change my reading maturity preferences. The clock icon on the bottom right takes me to a screen that shows all my past borrows and holds over time. If I click the "Actions" button on the top right, I can pause or delete my viewing history, or synchronize my bookshelf with my other devices. I use this home screen to see what books I have available and download them for reading and listening.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.facebook.katana
MAS-P-0063: The main goals for this screen are to browse around to find items for sale by other facebook users. I always select local before looking at any categories because I want to buy from someone in my area rather than having an item shipping. This allows me to see it in person. After I choose local I can set the radius for how far from me I am willing to travel to purchase the item. After I pick local I scroll through the main page and see if anything catches my eye. After scrolling for a bit I will either search for something specific, or I will go to the categories and browse in those sub-sections. Unfortunately the main information used is my least favorite to share, my location. I have a precise location off but it does know my general area based on zip code. It also uses Name and profile if I choose to contact a seller. I am certain it also tracks the data of what I search for here and what items I view for their analytics and advertising.

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/tradingview-track-all-markets/id1205990992
MAS-P-0064: I use this screen to view the overall trends in the market. On this screen I have the price chart of an asset. I have an alert to receive a notification once the asset or if the asset becomes the specific price. With this screen, I generally try to become knowledgable about the financial health of a financial market asset and also try to determine or predict what the asset will be valued at in the future. To support this screen, the app provides the use to create alerts and also gives real time updates on the price fluctuations in real time. The app also presumably stores information in order to retrieve data quickly. One's preference are on the screen determining potential country of use and time is stored when interacting with the app. In terms of this screen, I enjoy being able to see the full range of an asset.

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/evidation-reward-health/id793039965
MAS-P-0065: I use Evidation to win points that turn into money when I hit a certain mark. To achieve this I log into the app and check on my points, and complete health surveys and polls. In order for them to do this they need to collect my location (zip code), phone number for updates, and email to let me know of my progress. When I open this page I can access this information and change it if I needed to. I can also extract this data on this page. So to go there I just have to scroll on this page, go to "export data" and I will be able to send it to my email. I can also customize the notifications that I get from this app, both Mobile and email notifications. I can also click on my points and see a graphic on how I have gotten the points so far. 

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.emn8.mobilem8.nativeapp.bk&hl=en_US&gl=US
MAS-P-0066: So this screen is very useful for whenever lets say you end p getting a new debit card or maybe someone is using your app and wants to place an order or something. They can easily add or remove a card and it takes no time at all as everything is right there for you. ALongside that you can add gift cards choose your default payment options etc. One thing that i like about it is that besides actually having to type in all of the info that is required everything else is just one press away. If you tap the three dots you can go to edit or remove so if you find that the card did not work maybe you input something wrong and need to edit it or you have hit the limit or need to remove an older card you can easily do that also. It is a well designed screen and it is easy to find to as it is at the bottom and right in front of you.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.maps&hl=en_US&gl=US
MAS-P-0067: This is the timeline screen for Google maps. Using this you can see where you spend chunks of your time how much time you spent in a given month on each of the separate things etc. If i feel like i had to travel a lot in a month i can go ahead and check just how much time i spent  in my vehicle at any given time. This is useful since i am on the go a lot when working so it helps me get a good sense of how much time i spent driving. Alongside this you can see if you  are spending to much time on luxuries such as eating out shopping etc. You also have access to the trips tab so you can see anytime you left your general area and all the stops you were at there which is fantastic for cataloguing or reminiscing 

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/polar-flow/id717172678
MAS-P-0068: I use this screen to track how many hours of workout I do every week. It also shows how variable/not variable my workout routine is and prompts me to think about other workout as well and whether or not I am consistent in when I start working out during the day. I have a goal of reaching specific number of hours every week, so I can have this opened during a workout to know how much more I should go for. The app uses a heart rate monitor/sensor to track my heart rate, calories burned and location. Indoor workout turns off the GPS tracking automatically--however, if it was an outdoor activity like outdoor running, this would show the route that the person has taken during the workout. The heart rate, together with the age of the user, height and weight were used to calculate the calories burned per workout. 

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.evernote
MAS-P-0069: I go into the Evernote app dashboard anytime I need to add something to my grocery list, or when I an at a grocery store and I want to look at my list of things that I need and things I normally purchase from that particular store. I also go into this app when I need to write down various other things that I want to remember, such as dates for things that I did or birthdays. I also have a specific note that I go into where I just write down my thoughts on certain things and thoughts that I want to remember to discuss with certain people. I have a note that is specific for travel that I will write down all the information for a flight and rental car for a trip, and anything else related to a trip that I want to be able to see at a glance. My goal, because I have a terrible memory, is just to always have any information that is important to me all in one place a easily available anytime I need to see it.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=dje073.android.audiorecorderlite&gl=US
MAS-P-0070: I use this for quick recordings, mostly when I am writing songs or sketching ideas for future songs. I open the app, and ignore the upgrade dialog box, as this older version of the app is perfectly fine for my use. I can use the settings menu to change attributes of the recording, such as file type (mp3 or WAV), stereo or mono (I use mono sources because I only have one mic on the phone) and even the bit rate, from 11250 up to 44100. I can also turn off the ALC (automatic level control) which helps to differentiate between quiet and loud passages in the recording. Pressing the big circle brings up a temp recording signal, useful for checking the input level of the mic, which can be adjusted from this screen. Pressing the checkmark starts recording, and shows a level meter on the screen, so you can see in real time what the recording level is. While the quality of the recordings depend mostly on the hardware on the device, the app itself is fantastic for getting a good, clean recording, and I'm sure I've used this app since at least Android version 4. One of my all time favorite apps!

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.xiaoyu.hlight
MAS-P-0071: Every time, before I go to work, I open this app. I am big on setting my moods. I do this every single day so that I am in a place of peace. I installed lights in my car, and it has many features to choose from by using the app. It is connected mainly by Bluetooth connectivity. When I start my app, I have options to choose from on how I "create" my mood. On this screenshot, I am choosing different options to have the lights pulsate (meaning pulsate in a certain style or color for as long as I am in the car). I like to play around with the different colors, and I can choose how fast or slow it pulsates by increasing or decreasing the speed function. If I am not satisfied with that, I can click the adjust tab, which will lead me to a color wheel of different colors that I can choose from. If I select the "tape" tab, it will allow any music I play in the car to pulsate to the beat or rhythm of what is playing (that is where the microphone connectivity comes into play). You can customize the lights for any song, and I can save that to be the default every time I hear it. A lot of customization in this app. Any of the tabs below will allow more options to help create the experience I ask for.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.luxerone.mobile.residentapp
MAS-P-0072: So this app is for receiving packages at my apartment. There is a locker system in which the delivery people put packages in. Then they input a code. At that point this app alerts me that there is a package to pick up. I'll go to the lockers and then open the app. I have two choices: I can enable bluetooth mode, in which case as soon as I get close to the lockers the app will tell me which locker the package is in and will open it for me. Or if bluetooth mode is disabled then a code will appear that I will input on a monitor next to the lockers. Then I will be given the locker number my package is in and the locker will open for me. It's very convenient as I can pick up packages at all times and there is no risk of packages being stolen, etc. As far as the information that this app needs, obviously it needs to know my address and also when I receive a package from someone. Giving them my phone number is optional, but doing so allows them to also send me a text message when a package arrives in case the app isn't working or I've deleted it for some reason.

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/hearthstone/id625257520
MAS-P-0073: I use this screen to pay for the goods that the app develops. For example if they release new content I will pay for it through here. I want to get the new content, so I pay for it. There are regular exciting updates that the developers  create to incentivize me to make purchases. Through this screen I aim to successfully pay for the goods, which in this case are trading cards that you can use in the app.

My interaction with this screen is to fill in more personal information to pay securely. It's possible to pay through different things such as credit card or paypal. I think it uses apple information to login, but it goes further than that. The app requires you to give your credit card and email as well. It's possible to buy a in-game currency instead of dollars to make purchases, but you can also use dollars for this particular instance.
 


https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=me.lyft.android
MAS-P-0074: I use this screen to enter my card preferences. Whenever I want to change a payment method or add a new one, there is an option to do so. I click on add and then enter the card number. The goals of this screen is to make sure that I am paying for all the rides that I take. Without it, I wouldn't be able to go anywhere. One thing to note is that you can add multiple payment options. Another thing to note is I am subscribed to lyft pink, which is a subscription service that provides more cost effective rides. This is shown clearly, and I would immediately know if I'm not a member of this service. It also shows I have 0 in lyft cash, which is another way to add funds to the account. If for some reason I am not able to use my card, this would be a good option.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.amazon.dee.app
MAS-P-0075: I ue this screen to quickly review my activities with the Amazon Aliexa for the day by opening the app and scrolling through the list of my activities that are under the "Activity" menu. The most recent activities are listed on the top. My primary goal is to check on what specific actions took place that day using Alexa either by voice commands or within the app itself. By clicking  on a listed activity, I can eidt or delete it from my activity history if I wish. I can also use this activity list as a shortcut to perform the activity again by clicking on it. For example, I could click on "Bloomberg Radio" and the app will open up another screen asking me which device I want to use to launch this activity on. The app keeps a history of my activities with Amazon Alexa on this screen as well as the name of the device that was used to carry out the activity. It also uses this activity information to provide quick actions recommendations to personalize my experience with the app.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=air.com.vudu.air.DownloaderTablet&hl=en_US&gl=US&pli=1
MAS-P-0076: This application only has minimal settings from its phone app. I like to use this screen to check how much balance i have left and to change my download settings when I need to. Sometimes when im watching a show that is part of a series, I like to binge watch and having the option to continue playing shows after the other is great. I do not have to constantly continue to press the button on my remote anymore or try to spend time finding the next video after having to navigate through multiple screens and pages. This gives me the freedom to choose how i can watch my shows as well. IF i choose to limit myself and only watch one at a time when im laying down in bed. I do not have to worry about falling asleep and the video continue playing and loose my place in the series. 