https://apps.apple.com/us/app/credit-karma/id519817714
MAS-P-0051: When i am interested in seeing the health of my credit score i use credit karma and how i use it is by opening the app and clicking on the credit button on the bottom of the screen which gives me a snapshot of my credit score at the moment. I want to stay on top of my credit score and history in order to make sure i have no debt and am able to keep my credit at a good rating. I use the credit health section to see my payment history which i scroll down and am given a view of my past months payment history and or due balances, i also click the graph provided to see the consistency of my credit score either rising or staying the same. The screen and app itself uses my name, age, and financial history in order to accumulate data to provide me of my credit score and any errors that my bank or credit issuers may have.

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/life360-find-family-friends/id384830320
MAS-P-0052: In order to provide digital safety service, Life 360 shares specific information about your profile, including email, address, and name with third parties that help with identity protection service. When joining a paid subscription, your automatically enrolled in the digital safety service. Data breach alerts allow you to find out if your email or passwords are being used on the dark web. With ID theft protection, you can get help anytime if your data is stolen and used and up to $1 million to cover this. Opting out of digital safety is easy. If feature is turned off, you will lose ability to use identity protection, restoration and credit monitoring, and data breach notifications. To use this feature, you can log into your account on the app. You must sign up or create a Life 360 account. There are sections at the bottom of the app screen for location, driving, safety, and membership options. On the home screen, tap on the safety section at the bottom. Toggle the free data breach alerts option to view information aout online activity or disable the feature.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fantasypros.myplaybook
MAS-P-0053: When I go to this part of the app I am comparing my fantasy team with my opponent's fantasy team for that week. This page will show our players side by side. I can see how our players are ranked. I can also see what their projected points for that week are. For example, I see that this week my quarterback Joe Burrow is ranked 4 and my opponent's quarterback Lamar Jackson is ranked 6. I also see that my quarterback "should" outscore my opponent's quarterback by 1.2 points. I can also click on each player listed and get a more in depth analysis of the player as well as their matchup and whether it is favorable or not. Since  my goal is to win this particular week, I can also see where my opponent is weak and try and figure out what moves they might try and make on the waiver wire. If I want to I can try and block those by picking up those players myself. So this page is quite helpful.

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/chime-mobile-banking/id836215269
MAS-P-0054: The goals I want to achieve through this screen are obtaining all relevant agreements pertaining to my bank accounts, reading through the app's privacy policy, and learning the terms and conditions of certain account and app features. On this screen, I can interact with the policies and terms by clicking on each of them individually, which brings me to a more detailed screen with further information regarding each policy, terms, conditions, and account agreements. The information that is used by the app to support this screen are basically the types of accounts that I have under my name with Chime Bank, the types of features available to me, and overall, this page uses my financial information to present each category that could possibly be relevant to me. Basically, this page provides me with information about what I have agreed to by signing up for the types of accounts I have and features that I use.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.myfitnesspal.android
MAS-P-0055: I am trying to sign up for this calorie counting app.  I am in the registration process and it is asking me for my personal information.  I would want to maintain my current healthy weight and track my calories through out the day.  I do not want to lose or gain weight through the use of this app.  My interactions with this app would be to monitor it as I go through out the day and track how many calories I am consuming each day.  The app is asking for my age, it also asks for my country of residence.  I am nut sure why it is asking for that and my zipcode as well.  I feel somewhat uncomfortable providing my zip code because I don't know why the app needs that or what it will do with that information.  I might use this app or might not. 

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.spotify.music
MAS-P-0056: This is my settings screen, so I use it to modify downloads and I can change sound quality for the audio tracks. I can also modify how much storage the app uses on my phone, which is helpful. I can monitor certain account information such as my e-mail and my name, but I can't do much through the app as it pertains to account information. I can view what current plan that I am using on the service as a way to verify that I am actually on the plan that I want to use, but it can't be changed from this screen or in the app itself. I mostly just use this screen to modify my listening experience and improve it whenever I want. If I had privacy concerns, I could switch to offline only mode so the app isn't connected to the internet. Overall, I think the app only collects information that is crucial to the function of the app.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.MEye&hl=en_GB&gl=US&pli=1
MAS-P-0057: Using the app is incredibly simple.  Since it recalls the last used settings, you simply open it and it displays what you were previously looking at.  This is really convenient as it requires little interaction.  You can, though, go into the sub-menu and change your display settings.  Since this is configured for an eight camera system, you can select which channels you wish to view.  It defaults to display four, and will always recall the previous four you selected to display. It also has  an option to review the records, which requires quite a bit more interaction and because of that, is rarely used in the mobile app.  This is basically just for quick viewing and works really well.  It makes it easy to keep an eye on whatever you want to monitor.  This is why we strongly recommend this to anyone that is looking for this kind of a setup.

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/fitbit-health-fitness/id462638897
MAS-P-0058: I use this screen every day to monitor how hard I work.  Some days I work harder than others and I use this page to keep myself very motivated.  I compare the information from previous sessions to see if I am on target or if I need to work longer and harder.  I also use this information to make sure I am getting my heart rate up as high as I can.  Some days are better than others.  All in all I find this app to be very helpful in my health journey.  I also use the sleep section of this app and I also monitor my resting heart rate.  I try to get good sleep and keep my resting heart rate down.  The more I exercise the lower I can keep my heart rate.  I compare the information from previous days to see my progress.

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/apple-health/id1242545199
MAS-P-0059: I use the Health App All Health Data screen in order to get an overview of my physical efforts for the day, week, or month. I use this to help supplement and be on track with my fitness goals which include walking a certain amount of steps in a day and the amount of calories i am burning while making sure my heart rate is optimal. I go on the Health App and then i click the summary page thereafter i click on Show All Health Data to reach this screen. I am usually clicking through ll the subcategories like Heart Rate and Steps to view my data. The screen uses my health data that is provided by the smart watch i wear throughout the day and also the built in counter of my smartphone to account for my physical movements in that day. The data collected from these devices are compiled in numbers wehich are shown on this screen.

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/fanduel-sportsbook-casino/id1413721906
MAS-P-0060: I like to use this screen to gauge how much I am betting and what my previous history of betting looked like! It is very informative because it shows your mistakes and errors from the past, so you try to learn from your mistakes! It also will show you your winners so you know what studied plays were good and how you can pursue winning again in the future! I want to achieve the ability to learn from my mistakes from this image/ page that I have submitted! The way I use this screen, is that I navigate through my bet history and learn the ins and outs of my mistakes and winners. I think Fanduel can use this page on everyone's user data and see which sports are being bet the most, this will show them what markets they should open/supply to the public so we can prosper in the long run?

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/usaa-mobile/id312325565
MAS-P-0061: This screen is used to store my demographic information.  I don't typically use this screen much, except to update the information when it is out of date.  This screen includes all my relevant identifying information like my name, gender, social security number, marital status, and date of birth along with other information.  While this screen isn't specifically used in my goals, it offers me security to pursue other financial goals within the app.  It is basically my 'thumbprint' for my bank.  Without this information, a person would be unable to access my account where I keep the majority of my money.  I use the app, and therefore this screen, every single day.  This is my primary bank account that I use to pay bills and for daily purchases.  It is through this app that I am also able to invest money and move money around between my checking and savings account.  I even have a retirement account here.  All of my financial goals, such as saving for a rainy day and retirement, go through this app.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.overdrive.mobile.android.libby
MAS-P-0062: On this screen I can see the books that I've borrowed from the library. I can see how much longer I have the books for. I can click on "holds" at the top middle of the screen and see what books I have on hold and if any are ready to be borrowed yet. I can renew books I've already borrowed. When I scroll down the screen, I can see the history of my past borrowed books, all the way to the beginning of my library membership. I can click the magnifying glass icon at the bottom left of the scree to search for new books. I can click on the building icon next to the magnifying glass to go to the home screen for my particular library branch. If I click the middle icon on the screen, I can go to my settings, where I can add library cards or change my reading maturity preferences. The clock icon on the bottom right takes me to a screen that shows all my past borrows and holds over time. If I click the "Actions" button on the top right, I can pause or delete my viewing history, or synchronize my bookshelf with my other devices. I use this home screen to see what books I have available and download them for reading and listening.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.facebook.katana
MAS-P-0063: The main goals for this screen are to browse around to find items for sale by other facebook users. I always select local before looking at any categories because I want to buy from someone in my area rather than having an item shipping. This allows me to see it in person. After I choose local I can set the radius for how far from me I am willing to travel to purchase the item. After I pick local I scroll through the main page and see if anything catches my eye. After scrolling for a bit I will either search for something specific, or I will go to the categories and browse in those sub-sections. Unfortunately the main information used is my least favorite to share, my location. I have a precise location off but it does know my general area based on zip code. It also uses Name and profile if I choose to contact a seller. I am certain it also tracks the data of what I search for here and what items I view for their analytics and advertising.

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/tradingview-track-all-markets/id1205990992
MAS-P-0064: I use this screen to view the overall trends in the market. On this screen I have the price chart of an asset. I have an alert to receive a notification once the asset or if the asset becomes the specific price. With this screen, I generally try to become knowledgable about the financial health of a financial market asset and also try to determine or predict what the asset will be valued at in the future. To support this screen, the app provides the use to create alerts and also gives real time updates on the price fluctuations in real time. The app also presumably stores information in order to retrieve data quickly. One's preference are on the screen determining potential country of use and time is stored when interacting with the app. In terms of this screen, I enjoy being able to see the full range of an asset.

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/evidation-reward-health/id793039965
MAS-P-0065: I use Evidation to win points that turn into money when I hit a certain mark. To achieve this I log into the app and check on my points, and complete health surveys and polls. In order for them to do this they need to collect my location (zip code), phone number for updates, and email to let me know of my progress. When I open this page I can access this information and change it if I needed to. I can also extract this data on this page. So to go there I just have to scroll on this page, go to "export data" and I will be able to send it to my email. I can also customize the notifications that I get from this app, both Mobile and email notifications. I can also click on my points and see a graphic on how I have gotten the points so far. 

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.emn8.mobilem8.nativeapp.bk&hl=en_US&gl=US
MAS-P-0066: So this screen is very useful for whenever lets say you end p getting a new debit card or maybe someone is using your app and wants to place an order or something. They can easily add or remove a card and it takes no time at all as everything is right there for you. ALongside that you can add gift cards choose your default payment options etc. One thing that i like about it is that besides actually having to type in all of the info that is required everything else is just one press away. If you tap the three dots you can go to edit or remove so if you find that the card did not work maybe you input something wrong and need to edit it or you have hit the limit or need to remove an older card you can easily do that also. It is a well designed screen and it is easy to find to as it is at the bottom and right in front of you.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.maps&hl=en_US&gl=US
MAS-P-0067: This is the timeline screen for Google maps. Using this you can see where you spend chunks of your time how much time you spent in a given month on each of the separate things etc. If i feel like i had to travel a lot in a month i can go ahead and check just how much time i spent  in my vehicle at any given time. This is useful since i am on the go a lot when working so it helps me get a good sense of how much time i spent driving. Alongside this you can see if you  are spending to much time on luxuries such as eating out shopping etc. You also have access to the trips tab so you can see anytime you left your general area and all the stops you were at there which is fantastic for cataloguing or reminiscing 

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/polar-flow/id717172678
MAS-P-0068: I use this screen to track how many hours of workout I do every week. It also shows how variable/not variable my workout routine is and prompts me to think about other workout as well and whether or not I am consistent in when I start working out during the day. I have a goal of reaching specific number of hours every week, so I can have this opened during a workout to know how much more I should go for. The app uses a heart rate monitor/sensor to track my heart rate, calories burned and location. Indoor workout turns off the GPS tracking automatically--however, if it was an outdoor activity like outdoor running, this would show the route that the person has taken during the workout. The heart rate, together with the age of the user, height and weight were used to calculate the calories burned per workout. 

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.evernote
MAS-P-0069: I go into the Evernote app dashboard anytime I need to add something to my grocery list, or when I an at a grocery store and I want to look at my list of things that I need and things I normally purchase from that particular store. I also go into this app when I need to write down various other things that I want to remember, such as dates for things that I did or birthdays. I also have a specific note that I go into where I just write down my thoughts on certain things and thoughts that I want to remember to discuss with certain people. I have a note that is specific for travel that I will write down all the information for a flight and rental car for a trip, and anything else related to a trip that I want to be able to see at a glance. My goal, because I have a terrible memory, is just to always have any information that is important to me all in one place a easily available anytime I need to see it.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=dje073.android.audiorecorderlite&gl=US
MAS-P-0070: I use this for quick recordings, mostly when I am writing songs or sketching ideas for future songs. I open the app, and ignore the upgrade dialog box, as this older version of the app is perfectly fine for my use. I can use the settings menu to change attributes of the recording, such as file type (mp3 or WAV), stereo or mono (I use mono sources because I only have one mic on the phone) and even the bit rate, from 11250 up to 44100. I can also turn off the ALC (automatic level control) which helps to differentiate between quiet and loud passages in the recording. Pressing the big circle brings up a temp recording signal, useful for checking the input level of the mic, which can be adjusted from this screen. Pressing the checkmark starts recording, and shows a level meter on the screen, so you can see in real time what the recording level is. While the quality of the recordings depend mostly on the hardware on the device, the app itself is fantastic for getting a good, clean recording, and I'm sure I've used this app since at least Android version 4. One of my all time favorite apps!

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.xiaoyu.hlight
MAS-P-0071: Every time, before I go to work, I open this app. I am big on setting my moods. I do this every single day so that I am in a place of peace. I installed lights in my car, and it has many features to choose from by using the app. It is connected mainly by Bluetooth connectivity. When I start my app, I have options to choose from on how I "create" my mood. On this screenshot, I am choosing different options to have the lights pulsate (meaning pulsate in a certain style or color for as long as I am in the car). I like to play around with the different colors, and I can choose how fast or slow it pulsates by increasing or decreasing the speed function. If I am not satisfied with that, I can click the adjust tab, which will lead me to a color wheel of different colors that I can choose from. If I select the "tape" tab, it will allow any music I play in the car to pulsate to the beat or rhythm of what is playing (that is where the microphone connectivity comes into play). You can customize the lights for any song, and I can save that to be the default every time I hear it. A lot of customization in this app. Any of the tabs below will allow more options to help create the experience I ask for.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.luxerone.mobile.residentapp
MAS-P-0072: So this app is for receiving packages at my apartment. There is a locker system in which the delivery people put packages in. Then they input a code. At that point this app alerts me that there is a package to pick up. I'll go to the lockers and then open the app. I have two choices: I can enable bluetooth mode, in which case as soon as I get close to the lockers the app will tell me which locker the package is in and will open it for me. Or if bluetooth mode is disabled then a code will appear that I will input on a monitor next to the lockers. Then I will be given the locker number my package is in and the locker will open for me. It's very convenient as I can pick up packages at all times and there is no risk of packages being stolen, etc. As far as the information that this app needs, obviously it needs to know my address and also when I receive a package from someone. Giving them my phone number is optional, but doing so allows them to also send me a text message when a package arrives in case the app isn't working or I've deleted it for some reason.

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/hearthstone/id625257520
MAS-P-0073: I use this screen to pay for the goods that the app develops. For example if they release new content I will pay for it through here. I want to get the new content, so I pay for it. There are regular exciting updates that the developers  create to incentivize me to make purchases. Through this screen I aim to successfully pay for the goods, which in this case are trading cards that you can use in the app.

My interaction with this screen is to fill in more personal information to pay securely. It's possible to pay through different things such as credit card or paypal. I think it uses apple information to login, but it goes further than that. The app requires you to give your credit card and email as well. It's possible to buy a in-game currency instead of dollars to make purchases, but you can also use dollars for this particular instance.
 


https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=me.lyft.android
MAS-P-0074: I use this screen to enter my card preferences. Whenever I want to change a payment method or add a new one, there is an option to do so. I click on add and then enter the card number. The goals of this screen is to make sure that I am paying for all the rides that I take. Without it, I wouldn't be able to go anywhere. One thing to note is that you can add multiple payment options. Another thing to note is I am subscribed to lyft pink, which is a subscription service that provides more cost effective rides. This is shown clearly, and I would immediately know if I'm not a member of this service. It also shows I have 0 in lyft cash, which is another way to add funds to the account. If for some reason I am not able to use my card, this would be a good option.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.amazon.dee.app
MAS-P-0075: I ue this screen to quickly review my activities with the Amazon Aliexa for the day by opening the app and scrolling through the list of my activities that are under the "Activity" menu. The most recent activities are listed on the top. My primary goal is to check on what specific actions took place that day using Alexa either by voice commands or within the app itself. By clicking  on a listed activity, I can eidt or delete it from my activity history if I wish. I can also use this activity list as a shortcut to perform the activity again by clicking on it. For example, I could click on "Bloomberg Radio" and the app will open up another screen asking me which device I want to use to launch this activity on. The app keeps a history of my activities with Amazon Alexa on this screen as well as the name of the device that was used to carry out the activity. It also uses this activity information to provide quick actions recommendations to personalize my experience with the app.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=air.com.vudu.air.DownloaderTablet&hl=en_US&gl=US&pli=1
MAS-P-0076: This application only has minimal settings from its phone app. I like to use this screen to check how much balance i have left and to change my download settings when I need to. Sometimes when im watching a show that is part of a series, I like to binge watch and having the option to continue playing shows after the other is great. I do not have to constantly continue to press the button on my remote anymore or try to spend time finding the next video after having to navigate through multiple screens and pages. This gives me the freedom to choose how i can watch my shows as well. IF i choose to limit myself and only watch one at a time when im laying down in bed. I do not have to worry about falling asleep and the video continue playing and loose my place in the series. 

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.square_enix.android_googleplay.ffxivcomapp_n
MAS-P-0077: I log into the app on a daily basis and the first thing I do is go to this part of the app to collect my daily log in reward (called Kupo Nuts) and to check my balance. I log into the game character I want to manage, check things like news announcements. I normally do not change any of the app settings, I also do not use the support feature to contact the company about anything nor do I use the FAQ. From here I can navigate to the main page of my character I am trying to deal with, that normally involves checking event information, talking to other contacts I have in the game, buying or selling items on the in game marketboard (which is like an auction house I can buy and sell items to other players), I can also use this page to check on certain items and guides in the game for my selected character(s) as well.

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/productive-habit-tracker/id983826477
MAS-P-0078: These app is mainly used as a tracker app for users looking to build routines and habits. This app is used to remind based on times  and locations set by users and tracks streaks of completed tasks in a row to help users create new habits. These apps are all designed to help users cultivate healthy habits by breaking down goals into manageable steps that can be easily accomplished. This review  compares the different apps and makes recommendation for use for each one.
Ideal for users who are more tech savvy and who are seeking a role playing, gamified  way to get things done. Nothing prevents users from over reporting success in completion of habits and goals. Simple practical user interface with no extraneous features or potential distractions. Its particularly helpful for users who struggling with executive functioning deficits, found in diagnoses such as  attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.youtube.unplugged
MAS-P-0079: So I subscribe to Youtube TV. This page of the app is where they recommend things to watch based on what I've watched before. So as you can tell, I watch a lot of sports. So they have recommended some sports events for me to watch if I want to. Some people may be annoyed that they do this because it means they're keeping tabs on what you're watching. I however don't mind it at all. Since I do like to watch a lot of sports, this saves me a lot of time as when I go to this page there are pretty much all the sports events of the next day or two listed there one after the other. It's also great if I want to flip between different events, because if I'm watching one and want to switch to the other, I can just hit the back button and it will take me back to this page. Then I can click the other event I want to watch. It's not quite as easy as a "previously watched" button but it's just one extra step than that. The other bit of personal information that is needed to use this screen is my current location. The reason is that some sports events are only viewable in certain areas, so if I'm on vacation somewhere it needs to know where I am so it can tell me what events are available to watch in that specific area. Again, I don't really mind sharing this info. My life isn't all that exciting or mysterious haha.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=dev.corruptedark.diditakemymeds
MAS-P-0080: Everyday I am given a push notification to confirm whether or not I have taken my medication and then I am to take a photo of either myself taking the medication or just anything in the room. This page helps me accomplish taking certain pills at certain times and getting photo confirmation to prove it. If you have to take medication everyday and have multiple types you often forget whether you took it at all and which one you took. So now I have photographic proof that it had been taken.  I take one pill at around 8 o clock each morning and another at around 12-1 so everyday it is a struggle to remember, well I dont have to anymore with the app, it's great! Also this page tells me and my doctor exactly when I took my pills so he can also keep track if he needed to

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/cake-wallet/id1334702542
MAS-P-0081: This is one of my favorite cryptocurrency exchange apps. It allows me to easily convert bitcoin or any cryptocurrency of my choice into a privacy centered coin called Monero. On this screen, you see the exchange feature. It is here where you can link an outside crypto wallet to the Cake Wallet app and convert your Bitcoin, Litecoin, or whatever else you may have into XMR. The fees vary depending on which crypto coin you're using to convert, but the fees are generally all reasonable. Usually I am apprehensive about giving companies such information, but the Cake team are very active on social media and their support team does good work. I have linked it to my Cash App bitcoin wallet and used it many times over the last couple of years. Cake wallet is a company that I feel safe giving my sensitive crypto currency information in order to make these exchanges.

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/fitness/id1208224953
MAS-P-0082: I use this screen by looking over at the summary and then clicking on the activity button to see my movement for that day and how many calories i may have burned or used. I use this screen to get an overall look towards my physical movement and activity. I use this screen to gauge how much more physical movement i must make to hit a number goal in calorie usage and how far i walked. The app uses information about my movement and workout sessions for the day. The screen uses information that is inputted by me which is age, weight, and lifestyle. I look at the workout section of the screen in order to view how much more i need to do in order to reach a calorie goal. I also look at the trends in my physical workout to see where i can improve my physical assertion to reach my goal for the day.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.instacart.client
MAS-P-0083: I want this screen to tell me what deals the website has for the store in my area. I will use the search bar to search items I want delivered to me from my city's local walmart. The information that is used by the app changes to screen depending on where I am in the world and will change if I ever visit another city because it tracks my location. I can access my cart from the top right and also go into my account settings on the bottom. I can only order certain items from walmart that other stores do not offer so I have to come to this app to get those specific items. In order for them to deliver to my house they need to use my address and name to accomplish it so that is what they use that information for. It also has local times available for me to book orders.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.yuka.android
MAS-P-0084: I scan potential products I may want to buy in the store to determine if they are safe or good products for me and my family to use. I also scan items at home that I already have to determine if they are safe as well. I have thrown some things out after finding out they have harmful chemicals or additives. In the store, I simply don't buy that item and move on to another item I may chose instead to see if it is safer or better. This app collects or needs my camera data in order to function and that is okay for me. They keep a running tally of all of the items I have scanned which is cool because if I forget a rating, I can scroll back and reference it. After I scan an item I read through the information it pulls up. I like to see what specific things are good or bad about the various items I scan. Sometimes I google the the chemicals for further analysis. 

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.myprizepicks.myprizepicks&hl=en_US&gl=US&pli=1
MAS-P-0085: It is fairly simple getting to this screen and interreacting with it. After opening the app i go ahead and go to the top left side of the app and i click on the multiple lines to bring up the many different tabs. I go down to the bottom of the tabs and i click on settings and then go to personal info from there. I can easily change a number of things within this screen before changing my first and last name as those are stuck. With one tap and then the deleting of the data i can easily change anything from here update along with disabling phone alerts and also turning off things such as two factor authentication. If for some reason i have a typo with something or i have moved or have a new number then it is as simple as one or two taps and then a handful of keystrokes which is great and very accessible.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.instacart.client
MAS-P-0086: I use this screen in order to keep my profile updated for the app. This allows my orders to be delivered to both the right place and to the right person. Those are my goals, along with providing accurate payment information to the app. I interact with this screen by updating it whenever I want to pay with another form of payment or when I want to place an order to be delivered to an address other than the default one that I currently have set as my home address. On this specific page, the app uses the information to ensure that I receive my order exactly as I had intended for it to be received. They use my name on this page in order to identify who it should be delivered to, as I live in an apartment complex where other people have a similar address to mine on profile.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.strava&hl=en_US&gl=US&pli=1
MAS-P-0087: I want to be able to see my progress on certain running and biking segments in my community.  With this app it tracks my location and the speed of my activities when I am running or biking.  It tracks where I go and how fast I go and then it uploads my activities to a cloud.  On the website it compares how quick I complete the routes compared to everybody else who is a registered user on Strava.  It then shows me a leaderboard that I can use to compare how I have done against other people.   I hope to be able to use these comparisons to get better at activities that I am doing.  I can also use the information for training purposes so that I know what I need to do to improve my times.  I can look up other friends activities too.  

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/fitness/id1208224953
MAS-P-0088: Some goals I want to reach would be the 730 cal 30 min exercise and 12 hours stand are some of the things i'd like to reach I would also like to double all these by next spring to summer and really get in to the fitness spirit starting next year....The way i interact with this screen really shows all the different ways graph wise and numbers it can show for my fitness workouts it has multiple ways of showing that info to me which is nice and it shows it in a simple format to where you can quickly look at it and go about your workout and day all at once. The way the app integrates the data is through my apple watch which relays the data back to the app in a graph or circle with my different stats it also can break it down by day or month and keeps a summary at the top

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.hecorat.screenrecorder.free
MAS-P-0089: This screen in this app for AZ Screen Recorder is full of my media content including mostly videos when I do use the app. I often delete the videos I create with this app because it is used for a survey project that I often make How to Do videos with. The content I record with the app creates files of this content and sends it to this library where I can view them. I am also able to share this content with my contacts or project handlers. On this screen my main goals are to view and possibly edit videos that I make. The information that is used can be the videos themselves, data within the videos, the names of the content, and my own credentials that I am willing to share with project handlers for the videos I create. You can see how much room is available for content as well as being able to delete and view other media such as pictures. 

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=tv.twitch.android.app
MAS-P-0090: The subscription page keeps track of all the subscriptions on the platform that you have either paid for yourself or have been gifted by other people. It is a current history of paid access to specific streamers. Also on the page are previous streamers you have paid for previously but do not currently subscribe to. This allows you to resubscribe to them after any length of inactivity. You can resub to current subscriptions and also unsubscribe to stop any further payments. A full history is here of any previous subs you had. Not entirely sure how the app uses any of this information. Likely to suggest other streamers that you may enjoy to try to get you to sub to them. Any recommendations seems to be based on the game titles you follow and sub to so it must be involved in some way. Just not sure how much it is part of the equation.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=au.com.shiftyjelly.pocketcasts
MAS-P-0091: I use this screen to keep track of download episodes of podcasts that I want to listen to when I know I won't have reliable access to wifi and I don't want to use the data on my cell phone. After I have listened to these episodes, I delete them from my phone so that they don't take up hard drive space. I interact with the screen by selecting a file that I've downloaded and playing, pausing, or fast forwarding the content. I also use it to keep track of what I have listened to, and seeing how far into a podcast I am, or how much time is remaining. I believe the app uses this information by collecting my preferences and creating a profile of me based on what I listen to. This might be used for marketing and advertising purposes or to make recommendations that are relevant to me based on my listening history. 

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.enflick.android.TextNow
MAS-P-0092: Generally, this is the screen that I use to access messaging and calling features. The handy pencil icon in the bottom right provides quick access to send messages while the phone icon in the top right allows you to make phone calls. I use this just as I do my regular calling and texting app on my phone. I, first, have to input a number. This can be any ten digit number for the most part. I then type the message out in the easy to use keyboard interface. I spend some time here as I am a perfectionist, and do not like to send out messages with too many typos. The app must collect my incoming calls and messages on this screen in order to provide the services to me. This means that they may be able to read and listen to my conversations. This is of no concern to me. There's always someone listening.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.youtube
MAS-P-0093: This page shows the history of watched videos. I use it quite often to show videos to others that I liked. I use it to keep track of videos that I didn,t have time to finish, or find people I would like to subscribe to. It is a very useful feature overall, and I don't mind too much youtube tracking and keeping track of the videos I watch. Sometimes The videos that are shown on my home screen get too narrow. It just becomes the same creators and the same videos overyday, and I will then go in and erase a lot of my history that they track. This can be helpful in finding new and interesting videos. Sometimes its even amusing to go back through myself and see if I even remember watching the videos whick I don't always, or it shows me how I keep myself very narrow in my watching preferences.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.myfitnesspal.android
MAS-P-0094: I use this screen to adjust my current progress as well as my goals for the future, which can change depending on the season or holiday that I'm in. If I want to change my weekly weight loss goal, I can just click that selection and it brings me to a dropdown menu that gives me a chance or raise or lower my desired number. When I click on the line that says workouts/week, it allows me to change what  my activity level is based on how much I'm working out. I can also click on my weight to change my fluctuating weight after I use a scale to measure my progress, good or bad. I can click on the nutrition goals to adjust carb and calorie intake and measure what I'm putting in my body, which allows me to make dietary adjustments when needed. I can even manage my vitamin, fiber, and fat intake with this app.

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/myfitnesspal-calorie-counter/id341232718
MAS-P-0095: I would like to use this screen to better myself for the future. I look at my weight, and I come to realize I came a long way since I was very underweight, and also overweight at one point as well. I look at my current weight, and how I can maintain, while losing fat and possibly gaining a bit of muscle. I look at this to remind myself that I am not the past self, and I must always try my hardest to maintain my lifestyle that I now enjoy. The app helps me keep track of my goals, and lets me know when I am not doing well at maintaining my goals. I look at my app almost daily to remind myself that I must be healthier for the future and for my family. I often change my goals, depending on the season and how I feel, but my end goal is to stay healthy while keeping a healthy weight. App lets me instantly choose my goals and it's very simple and easy to use.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sec.android.app.shealth&hl=en_US&gl=US
MAS-P-0096: To measure my heart rate, sleep, and steps taken, I put on my watch. My watch is connected to this app, and automatically transfers the data. My smart watch transfers my biological data to my phone, and this screen shows all the data in an easy to understand format. I use this information to make sure my body is basically functioning well, and also to track my activity so I can achieve my weight loss and health goals. It tracks my exercise such as steps taken, so I can make sure I am active each day, and I can also adjust my weight, or measure my body mass via my watch. The app measures my heart rate so it can help adjust how many calroies are burned with activity.I can manually log certain activities but it automatically tyracks what I am doing. It also ensures I am getting restful sleep so I can feel ok, and I can read the data so I can make adjustments if I need to to ensure I am going to achieve my health goals.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fitbit.FitbitMobile
MAS-P-0097: Goal for sleep as seen in this screen is about eight hours each night. Sometimes I reach this goal and many others time I do not reach it. How I usually interact with this screen is really just checking that my Fitbit watch is recording my sleep correctly and just checking how well I am sleeping. Making sure I am not sleeping too much and making sure that I get at least close to my goal of eight hours. The information that the app uses to keep this screen the way it is, is basically various sleep metrics like hours slept, moving around in sleep and stuff like that, etc. I really don't mind any of the information they use to make this screen, I really just like how much information I get from this screen and enjoy how useful it is. The information can also show long term trends in my sleep patterns, which is really useful.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.draftkings.sportsbook
MAS-P-0098: The above screen shows how many and how much I have bet in the previous month, or current month.  I use this page to track how many bets I have placed as well as what my winning and losing percentage is.  I hope to monitor my betting by using this page and making sure that I am not over wagering in any given month.  I can monitor how much I have lost and how much I have one by clicking on the transaction summary section of this page which will give me a snapshot of the entire month.   The summary feature also gives me the option to look at an overall yearly snapshot.  And the best feature is the ability to see the lifetime transaction summary.  I have a particular amount of money that I use to wager just for fun and this allows me to monitor my hobby.

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/one-sec-limit-screen-time/id1532875441
MAS-P-0099: This screen shows me how many times the One Sec app has interrupted my access to scoial media or other apps and how much time it has saved me from not using said apps. I don't really use this specific screen a lot - the app One Sec itself provides the function of showing a pop-up that adds friction to using social media because you have to wait for said pop-up to disappear before you can access these apps and sites, that's mostly what I use the app for. However, this screen shows how often I access these sites in spite of said friction, how many times I am prevented from using said sites, and how much time I save by not accessing these sites. The app needs access to my screen activity, browsing history, and shortcuts to be able to function so they really do have access to a lot of my information and data - which kind of gives me pause, but the fact that it prevents me from going on social media feels very worth it.

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/youtube-music/id1017492454
MAS-P-0100: I don't use this page very often, but when I do, I open the app and maybe check on the manage search history page. On that page, I can decide if I want them to save my history or not, and then I can choose for how long I want them to save it. Like my history is set to save for 36 months, but I can change that to 3 months or 18 months. Another feature on this page is managing account privacy. On this page, I can decide if I want to keep all for subscriptions private and/or all my saved playlists private. Also, on this page, I have options for billing and payments, and I can enable quick payments if I want. And the last feature I would mention is I can choose to pause all my watch and search history at any time if I choose to from this page.

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/draftkings-fantasy-sports/id710535379
MAS-P-0101: I use this page as my ledger when I am seeing my previous personal bets and/or friendly bets with friends. It collects information by showing me my previous experiences and how I can improve and/or think about the next bet? It does not collect personal information but it can read what type of bets you like and how it suits you. I want achieve my best bets goal by seeing my mistakes from the past, my interactions with this screen shows that I am a novice in betting and I really want to learn more! I think Draftkings can use users bet history and see which sports are most bet on, so they can decide which service to offer to the people! It is fun to see the past bets and maybe try to figure out what bets are the best option in the future when it comes to sports bettin

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.instagram.android
MAS-P-0102: I use this screen to edit the permissions i give to the app. The app in question is instagram. It asks for a variety of permissions. However, i custom edit it. For example, it is evident from the screenshot that i have denied the access to my contacts, and i did that for privacy reasons. I specifically chose that permission to deny to protect the identity of my friends and family. I have also denied it permission to my phone app. I personally do not see the need for instagram to use my phone app, whatever the reason may be. I have only given those permissions that i had felt were necessary for the app to function. I allowed location access, storage access and camera access for that reason. I also allowed the permission to use microphone, in case if i need to record anything within the app or while using its messenger.

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/mcdonalds/id922103212
MAS-P-0103: The goal of using this screen is to order something successfully from McDonald's. This screen allows me to view the items available for purchase at McDonald's with the prices that are available at my location. If I want to reorder something I have previously ordered, I can click the "Reorder" button. If I need to change my McDonald's location, I can do that, and I can also choose whether I want pickup or delivery. I'm also able to explore the menu at my own pace. To support this screen, the app uses my location, as availability and prices at each McDonald's location are not the same, so it needs to know my location and the nearest McDonald's so that it can tailor my app experience to what is actively available to me. It also uses my previous order information so that I can save time on an order if I want to repeat a previous order.

