https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.square_enix.android_googleplay.ffxivcomapp_n
MAS-P-0077: I log into the app on a daily basis and the first thing I do is go to this part of the app to collect my daily log in reward (called Kupo Nuts) and to check my balance. I log into the game character I want to manage, check things like news announcements. I normally do not change any of the app settings, I also do not use the support feature to contact the company about anything nor do I use the FAQ. From here I can navigate to the main page of my character I am trying to deal with, that normally involves checking event information, talking to other contacts I have in the game, buying or selling items on the in game marketboard (which is like an auction house I can buy and sell items to other players), I can also use this page to check on certain items and guides in the game for my selected character(s) as well.

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/productive-habit-tracker/id983826477
MAS-P-0078: These app is mainly used as a tracker app for users looking to build routines and habits. This app is used to remind based on times  and locations set by users and tracks streaks of completed tasks in a row to help users create new habits. These apps are all designed to help users cultivate healthy habits by breaking down goals into manageable steps that can be easily accomplished. This review  compares the different apps and makes recommendation for use for each one.
Ideal for users who are more tech savvy and who are seeking a role playing, gamified  way to get things done. Nothing prevents users from over reporting success in completion of habits and goals. Simple practical user interface with no extraneous features or potential distractions. Its particularly helpful for users who struggling with executive functioning deficits, found in diagnoses such as  attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.youtube.unplugged
MAS-P-0079: So I subscribe to Youtube TV. This page of the app is where they recommend things to watch based on what I've watched before. So as you can tell, I watch a lot of sports. So they have recommended some sports events for me to watch if I want to. Some people may be annoyed that they do this because it means they're keeping tabs on what you're watching. I however don't mind it at all. Since I do like to watch a lot of sports, this saves me a lot of time as when I go to this page there are pretty much all the sports events of the next day or two listed there one after the other. It's also great if I want to flip between different events, because if I'm watching one and want to switch to the other, I can just hit the back button and it will take me back to this page. Then I can click the other event I want to watch. It's not quite as easy as a "previously watched" button but it's just one extra step than that. The other bit of personal information that is needed to use this screen is my current location. The reason is that some sports events are only viewable in certain areas, so if I'm on vacation somewhere it needs to know where I am so it can tell me what events are available to watch in that specific area. Again, I don't really mind sharing this info. My life isn't all that exciting or mysterious haha.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=dev.corruptedark.diditakemymeds
MAS-P-0080: Everyday I am given a push notification to confirm whether or not I have taken my medication and then I am to take a photo of either myself taking the medication or just anything in the room. This page helps me accomplish taking certain pills at certain times and getting photo confirmation to prove it. If you have to take medication everyday and have multiple types you often forget whether you took it at all and which one you took. So now I have photographic proof that it had been taken.  I take one pill at around 8 o clock each morning and another at around 12-1 so everyday it is a struggle to remember, well I dont have to anymore with the app, it's great! Also this page tells me and my doctor exactly when I took my pills so he can also keep track if he needed to

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/cake-wallet/id1334702542
MAS-P-0081: This is one of my favorite cryptocurrency exchange apps. It allows me to easily convert bitcoin or any cryptocurrency of my choice into a privacy centered coin called Monero. On this screen, you see the exchange feature. It is here where you can link an outside crypto wallet to the Cake Wallet app and convert your Bitcoin, Litecoin, or whatever else you may have into XMR. The fees vary depending on which crypto coin you're using to convert, but the fees are generally all reasonable. Usually I am apprehensive about giving companies such information, but the Cake team are very active on social media and their support team does good work. I have linked it to my Cash App bitcoin wallet and used it many times over the last couple of years. Cake wallet is a company that I feel safe giving my sensitive crypto currency information in order to make these exchanges.

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/fitness/id1208224953
MAS-P-0082: I use this screen by looking over at the summary and then clicking on the activity button to see my movement for that day and how many calories i may have burned or used. I use this screen to get an overall look towards my physical movement and activity. I use this screen to gauge how much more physical movement i must make to hit a number goal in calorie usage and how far i walked. The app uses information about my movement and workout sessions for the day. The screen uses information that is inputted by me which is age, weight, and lifestyle. I look at the workout section of the screen in order to view how much more i need to do in order to reach a calorie goal. I also look at the trends in my physical workout to see where i can improve my physical assertion to reach my goal for the day.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.instacart.client
MAS-P-0083: I want this screen to tell me what deals the website has for the store in my area. I will use the search bar to search items I want delivered to me from my city's local walmart. The information that is used by the app changes to screen depending on where I am in the world and will change if I ever visit another city because it tracks my location. I can access my cart from the top right and also go into my account settings on the bottom. I can only order certain items from walmart that other stores do not offer so I have to come to this app to get those specific items. In order for them to deliver to my house they need to use my address and name to accomplish it so that is what they use that information for. It also has local times available for me to book orders.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.yuka.android
MAS-P-0084: I scan potential products I may want to buy in the store to determine if they are safe or good products for me and my family to use. I also scan items at home that I already have to determine if they are safe as well. I have thrown some things out after finding out they have harmful chemicals or additives. In the store, I simply don't buy that item and move on to another item I may chose instead to see if it is safer or better. This app collects or needs my camera data in order to function and that is okay for me. They keep a running tally of all of the items I have scanned which is cool because if I forget a rating, I can scroll back and reference it. After I scan an item I read through the information it pulls up. I like to see what specific things are good or bad about the various items I scan. Sometimes I google the the chemicals for further analysis. 

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.myprizepicks.myprizepicks&hl=en_US&gl=US&pli=1
MAS-P-0085: It is fairly simple getting to this screen and interreacting with it. After opening the app i go ahead and go to the top left side of the app and i click on the multiple lines to bring up the many different tabs. I go down to the bottom of the tabs and i click on settings and then go to personal info from there. I can easily change a number of things within this screen before changing my first and last name as those are stuck. With one tap and then the deleting of the data i can easily change anything from here update along with disabling phone alerts and also turning off things such as two factor authentication. If for some reason i have a typo with something or i have moved or have a new number then it is as simple as one or two taps and then a handful of keystrokes which is great and very accessible.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.instacart.client
MAS-P-0086: I use this screen in order to keep my profile updated for the app. This allows my orders to be delivered to both the right place and to the right person. Those are my goals, along with providing accurate payment information to the app. I interact with this screen by updating it whenever I want to pay with another form of payment or when I want to place an order to be delivered to an address other than the default one that I currently have set as my home address. On this specific page, the app uses the information to ensure that I receive my order exactly as I had intended for it to be received. They use my name on this page in order to identify who it should be delivered to, as I live in an apartment complex where other people have a similar address to mine on profile.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.strava&hl=en_US&gl=US&pli=1
MAS-P-0087: I want to be able to see my progress on certain running and biking segments in my community.  With this app it tracks my location and the speed of my activities when I am running or biking.  It tracks where I go and how fast I go and then it uploads my activities to a cloud.  On the website it compares how quick I complete the routes compared to everybody else who is a registered user on Strava.  It then shows me a leaderboard that I can use to compare how I have done against other people.   I hope to be able to use these comparisons to get better at activities that I am doing.  I can also use the information for training purposes so that I know what I need to do to improve my times.  I can look up other friends activities too.  

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/fitness/id1208224953
MAS-P-0088: Some goals I want to reach would be the 730 cal 30 min exercise and 12 hours stand are some of the things i'd like to reach I would also like to double all these by next spring to summer and really get in to the fitness spirit starting next year....The way i interact with this screen really shows all the different ways graph wise and numbers it can show for my fitness workouts it has multiple ways of showing that info to me which is nice and it shows it in a simple format to where you can quickly look at it and go about your workout and day all at once. The way the app integrates the data is through my apple watch which relays the data back to the app in a graph or circle with my different stats it also can break it down by day or month and keeps a summary at the top

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.hecorat.screenrecorder.free
MAS-P-0089: This screen in this app for AZ Screen Recorder is full of my media content including mostly videos when I do use the app. I often delete the videos I create with this app because it is used for a survey project that I often make How to Do videos with. The content I record with the app creates files of this content and sends it to this library where I can view them. I am also able to share this content with my contacts or project handlers. On this screen my main goals are to view and possibly edit videos that I make. The information that is used can be the videos themselves, data within the videos, the names of the content, and my own credentials that I am willing to share with project handlers for the videos I create. You can see how much room is available for content as well as being able to delete and view other media such as pictures. 

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=tv.twitch.android.app
MAS-P-0090: The subscription page keeps track of all the subscriptions on the platform that you have either paid for yourself or have been gifted by other people. It is a current history of paid access to specific streamers. Also on the page are previous streamers you have paid for previously but do not currently subscribe to. This allows you to resubscribe to them after any length of inactivity. You can resub to current subscriptions and also unsubscribe to stop any further payments. A full history is here of any previous subs you had. Not entirely sure how the app uses any of this information. Likely to suggest other streamers that you may enjoy to try to get you to sub to them. Any recommendations seems to be based on the game titles you follow and sub to so it must be involved in some way. Just not sure how much it is part of the equation.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=au.com.shiftyjelly.pocketcasts
MAS-P-0091: I use this screen to keep track of download episodes of podcasts that I want to listen to when I know I won't have reliable access to wifi and I don't want to use the data on my cell phone. After I have listened to these episodes, I delete them from my phone so that they don't take up hard drive space. I interact with the screen by selecting a file that I've downloaded and playing, pausing, or fast forwarding the content. I also use it to keep track of what I have listened to, and seeing how far into a podcast I am, or how much time is remaining. I believe the app uses this information by collecting my preferences and creating a profile of me based on what I listen to. This might be used for marketing and advertising purposes or to make recommendations that are relevant to me based on my listening history. 

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.enflick.android.TextNow
MAS-P-0092: Generally, this is the screen that I use to access messaging and calling features. The handy pencil icon in the bottom right provides quick access to send messages while the phone icon in the top right allows you to make phone calls. I use this just as I do my regular calling and texting app on my phone. I, first, have to input a number. This can be any ten digit number for the most part. I then type the message out in the easy to use keyboard interface. I spend some time here as I am a perfectionist, and do not like to send out messages with too many typos. The app must collect my incoming calls and messages on this screen in order to provide the services to me. This means that they may be able to read and listen to my conversations. This is of no concern to me. There's always someone listening.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.youtube
MAS-P-0093: This page shows the history of watched videos. I use it quite often to show videos to others that I liked. I use it to keep track of videos that I didn,t have time to finish, or find people I would like to subscribe to. It is a very useful feature overall, and I don't mind too much youtube tracking and keeping track of the videos I watch. Sometimes The videos that are shown on my home screen get too narrow. It just becomes the same creators and the same videos overyday, and I will then go in and erase a lot of my history that they track. This can be helpful in finding new and interesting videos. Sometimes its even amusing to go back through myself and see if I even remember watching the videos whick I don't always, or it shows me how I keep myself very narrow in my watching preferences.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.myfitnesspal.android
MAS-P-0094: I use this screen to adjust my current progress as well as my goals for the future, which can change depending on the season or holiday that I'm in. If I want to change my weekly weight loss goal, I can just click that selection and it brings me to a dropdown menu that gives me a chance or raise or lower my desired number. When I click on the line that says workouts/week, it allows me to change what  my activity level is based on how much I'm working out. I can also click on my weight to change my fluctuating weight after I use a scale to measure my progress, good or bad. I can click on the nutrition goals to adjust carb and calorie intake and measure what I'm putting in my body, which allows me to make dietary adjustments when needed. I can even manage my vitamin, fiber, and fat intake with this app.

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/myfitnesspal-calorie-counter/id341232718
MAS-P-0095: I would like to use this screen to better myself for the future. I look at my weight, and I come to realize I came a long way since I was very underweight, and also overweight at one point as well. I look at my current weight, and how I can maintain, while losing fat and possibly gaining a bit of muscle. I look at this to remind myself that I am not the past self, and I must always try my hardest to maintain my lifestyle that I now enjoy. The app helps me keep track of my goals, and lets me know when I am not doing well at maintaining my goals. I look at my app almost daily to remind myself that I must be healthier for the future and for my family. I often change my goals, depending on the season and how I feel, but my end goal is to stay healthy while keeping a healthy weight. App lets me instantly choose my goals and it's very simple and easy to use.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sec.android.app.shealth&hl=en_US&gl=US
MAS-P-0096: To measure my heart rate, sleep, and steps taken, I put on my watch. My watch is connected to this app, and automatically transfers the data. My smart watch transfers my biological data to my phone, and this screen shows all the data in an easy to understand format. I use this information to make sure my body is basically functioning well, and also to track my activity so I can achieve my weight loss and health goals. It tracks my exercise such as steps taken, so I can make sure I am active each day, and I can also adjust my weight, or measure my body mass via my watch. The app measures my heart rate so it can help adjust how many calroies are burned with activity.I can manually log certain activities but it automatically tyracks what I am doing. It also ensures I am getting restful sleep so I can feel ok, and I can read the data so I can make adjustments if I need to to ensure I am going to achieve my health goals.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fitbit.FitbitMobile
MAS-P-0097: Goal for sleep as seen in this screen is about eight hours each night. Sometimes I reach this goal and many others time I do not reach it. How I usually interact with this screen is really just checking that my Fitbit watch is recording my sleep correctly and just checking how well I am sleeping. Making sure I am not sleeping too much and making sure that I get at least close to my goal of eight hours. The information that the app uses to keep this screen the way it is, is basically various sleep metrics like hours slept, moving around in sleep and stuff like that, etc. I really don't mind any of the information they use to make this screen, I really just like how much information I get from this screen and enjoy how useful it is. The information can also show long term trends in my sleep patterns, which is really useful.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.draftkings.sportsbook
MAS-P-0098: The above screen shows how many and how much I have bet in the previous month, or current month.  I use this page to track how many bets I have placed as well as what my winning and losing percentage is.  I hope to monitor my betting by using this page and making sure that I am not over wagering in any given month.  I can monitor how much I have lost and how much I have one by clicking on the transaction summary section of this page which will give me a snapshot of the entire month.   The summary feature also gives me the option to look at an overall yearly snapshot.  And the best feature is the ability to see the lifetime transaction summary.  I have a particular amount of money that I use to wager just for fun and this allows me to monitor my hobby.

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/one-sec-limit-screen-time/id1532875441
MAS-P-0099: This screen shows me how many times the One Sec app has interrupted my access to scoial media or other apps and how much time it has saved me from not using said apps. I don't really use this specific screen a lot - the app One Sec itself provides the function of showing a pop-up that adds friction to using social media because you have to wait for said pop-up to disappear before you can access these apps and sites, that's mostly what I use the app for. However, this screen shows how often I access these sites in spite of said friction, how many times I am prevented from using said sites, and how much time I save by not accessing these sites. The app needs access to my screen activity, browsing history, and shortcuts to be able to function so they really do have access to a lot of my information and data - which kind of gives me pause, but the fact that it prevents me from going on social media feels very worth it.

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/youtube-music/id1017492454
MAS-P-0100: I don't use this page very often, but when I do, I open the app and maybe check on the manage search history page. On that page, I can decide if I want them to save my history or not, and then I can choose for how long I want them to save it. Like my history is set to save for 36 months, but I can change that to 3 months or 18 months. Another feature on this page is managing account privacy. On this page, I can decide if I want to keep all for subscriptions private and/or all my saved playlists private. Also, on this page, I have options for billing and payments, and I can enable quick payments if I want. And the last feature I would mention is I can choose to pause all my watch and search history at any time if I choose to from this page.

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/draftkings-fantasy-sports/id710535379
MAS-P-0101: I use this page as my ledger when I am seeing my previous personal bets and/or friendly bets with friends. It collects information by showing me my previous experiences and how I can improve and/or think about the next bet? It does not collect personal information but it can read what type of bets you like and how it suits you. I want achieve my best bets goal by seeing my mistakes from the past, my interactions with this screen shows that I am a novice in betting and I really want to learn more! I think Draftkings can use users bet history and see which sports are most bet on, so they can decide which service to offer to the people! It is fun to see the past bets and maybe try to figure out what bets are the best option in the future when it comes to sports bettin

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.instagram.android
MAS-P-0102: I use this screen to edit the permissions i give to the app. The app in question is instagram. It asks for a variety of permissions. However, i custom edit it. For example, it is evident from the screenshot that i have denied the access to my contacts, and i did that for privacy reasons. I specifically chose that permission to deny to protect the identity of my friends and family. I have also denied it permission to my phone app. I personally do not see the need for instagram to use my phone app, whatever the reason may be. I have only given those permissions that i had felt were necessary for the app to function. I allowed location access, storage access and camera access for that reason. I also allowed the permission to use microphone, in case if i need to record anything within the app or while using its messenger.

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/mcdonalds/id922103212
MAS-P-0103: The goal of using this screen is to order something successfully from McDonald's. This screen allows me to view the items available for purchase at McDonald's with the prices that are available at my location. If I want to reorder something I have previously ordered, I can click the "Reorder" button. If I need to change my McDonald's location, I can do that, and I can also choose whether I want pickup or delivery. I'm also able to explore the menu at my own pace. To support this screen, the app uses my location, as availability and prices at each McDonald's location are not the same, so it needs to know my location and the nearest McDonald's so that it can tailor my app experience to what is actively available to me. It also uses my previous order information so that I can save time on an order if I want to repeat a previous order.
